readme.md, before:

<div align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/Torreip/EasyRenamer/blob/master/Master/icon.png" alt="EasyRenamer" width="256" />

# Easy Renamer
Your easy way to rename every file in a folder !

</div>

## What does your program do ?

It mostly saves you time ! Have you ever had 12, 24 or 100 000 files to rename in the order they appear inside your favorite file explorer.
From a folder path and a new file name it will rename every thing inside a folder.

## How To use The program ?

1. Copy the entire path of the desired folder
2. Choice a new name
3. Profit !

## How To install The program ?

You either download the .EXE file (If you are using Windows) Or you can download the EasyRenamer.py file (Warning you need Python Installed !).

## Configuration

The Default configuration is the following:

log=False
path=EasyRenamer.log
mode=append

You can change the configuration by editing the config.cfg file.

log is a boolean which enable or disable the log file. (True or False), case insensitive.
path is the path of the log file.
mode is the mode of the log file (append or write, Everything which is not append will be considered as write).


###### Last Update 12/02/23 (or 02/12/23)

Commit message:

Bug Fixes,
Everything was read as True in the settings possing some issues.
Added a failsafe to prevent this from happening again. plus a default True when unsure.

readme.md, after:

<div align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/Torreip/EasyRenamer/blob/master/Master/icon.png" alt="EasyRenamer" width="256" />

# Easy Renamer
Your easy way to rename every file in a folder !

</div>

## What does your program do ?

It mostly saves you time ! Have you ever had 12, 24 or 100 000 files to rename in the order they appear inside your favorite file explorer.
From a folder path and a new file name it will rename every thing inside a folder.

## How To use The program ?

1. Copy the entire path of the desired folder
2. Choice a new name
3. Profit !

## How To install The program ?

You either download the .EXE file (If you are using Windows) Or you can download the EasyRenamer.py file (Warning you need Python Installed !).

## Configuration

The Default configuration is the following:

log=False
path=EasyRenamer.log
mode=append

You can change the configuration by editing the config.cfg file.

log is a boolean which enable or disable the log file. (True or False), Everything which is not False will be considered as True.
path is the path of the log file.
mode is the mode of the log file (append or write, Everything which is not append will be considered as write).


###### Last Update 12/02/23 (or 02/12/23)
